The Leadership Principle
	A practice
	See in Action
	Try out yourself and see what works and doesn't work
	Ask question about
	Something you have to practice a lot
	
	Customer Obsession
		Cost Optimize for customers where they can save money so customer can redeploy that money in the future
		All the things that make it work for customers
			What problem are we trying to solve?
			What will customers care most about?
			What would they be most disappointed about if we launch new feature?
			What will they love most?
		If a competitor builds something that customers love, we should be aware of it, and we should be inspired by it and think about how can we improve our own customer experience with what we learn from what competitors have done
		Focused on what we know customer care most about
	Are right, A lot
		Strong judgement and good instincts
		Navigating the ambiguity
			Sifting through the noise
			Finding the signal
			What really matters for customers
		Best possible answer for customer, whosoever idea it is
		Question your closely held beliefs // Question yourself even when you have strong beliefs in it
			Are they really right?
			IS there another way to think about it?
			Get the right people involved in giving feedback
			Listen to different perspective
			Think about what is the best possible answer for customers and for the business
	Invent and Simplify
		Constantly inventing and reinventing
		Always going to shade on what we think customer want most
	Think Big
		All of us have to be looking around corners
			We cannot be content with where we are
			What are the next big breakthroughs for customers?
			What is a customer problem that needs solving?
		If you want to build a company that lasts over 100 years and outlast all of us, you cannot run the same playbook for decades at a time.
		Bold initiatives that are not simple to do, and these types of initiatives require thinking big, and it's what you do if you want to serve customer better.
	Dive Deep
		Be great at getting details
		The details of any idea are what matters most. That's what people actually see, what customeers actually see
		Good leaders
			Find mechanism to inspect
			Audit the details
			Understand anecdotes
	Insist on the highest standards
		Having high standards is one of the most critical underpinnings for the teams
		Higher expectation leads to better results
		In the meeting you're in
			Set the expectations
			Set the standards high
			Model what good looks like
		The companies that keep increasing what's possible for customers and have those really high expectations deliver best for customers
	Bias for Action
		Speed really matters
		Speed is not preordained
			It is a leadership and a culture decision
			You can move quickly even if you historically haven't
		THe overwhelming majority of decisions that we make all the time should be two-way door decision
			Mean you can walk through it, and if it fail, you can go back
		Have the right mindset and the right urgency about decisions
			Don't take weeks to be done a task that can be done in days or hours
		You want to show up every day, every week, thinking: When I leave this week, will my customer be better off than when I started the week?
		Be fast while still having high standards
			Think of ourselves as the world's biggest startup
			Keep asking ourselves why can't we move faster for customer?
	Ownership
		Always asking themselves, what would I do if this were my personal money?
		We have to think like owners
		Think about problem holistically
		Find the right owner to resolve issue
		ensure the problem are owned, that they have a path to resolution and they drive it themselves as needed
	Frugality
		Basis points matter. All those thing matter
		Constraints breed resourcefulness and invention // Những ràng buộc sinh ra sự tháo vát và sáng tạo.
		When you save money on everything you do
			You invest in giving customers lower prices
			Give customer more capabilities
		don't get numb to those numbers. Do more with less // Limit resources  but output the high value
		Give back to customer in the form of lower prices and more capabilities
		Build amazing customer experiences and amazing businesses as leanly as possible 
	Learn and be curious
		YOu have to be self-assess and self-aware
		You have to both have a plan on how you're gonna change and make that change
	Have backbone; Disagree and commit
		The idea is to be truth-seeking
		Once we make a decision
	Earn Trusts
		Leader listens attentively, speak candidly and treat other respectfully
		Being honest, straightforward
		If you want to earn trust
			Deliver it
			Speak up
			Own it
			Be self-critical
			Fix it
			Use the data and show us if you think you're right
	Strive to be Earth' Best Employer
		What constitues a  greate place to work
			Working at a place whose mission is to make customer's lives easier and better every day is very insprinig. Not just saying but doing it
			Being willing to look at what customers care about and invent on their behalf
			Being able to commit to those investsment for long period of time
			Group of people that's smart, passionate, and motivated, and trying to work together as a team
	Success and Scale Bring Broad Responsibility
		Keep asking ourselves constantly wether the communities in wihch we reside are better off because we're there. And if they're not, then we need to take action about that.
		Helping with the unhoused challenges in our cities
		Helping with education
	Hire and Develop the Best
		A team is comprised of great people
			Smart
			Are right, a lot 
			Inventive
			Look around corners
			THink Big
			into the detail
			Able to move quickly
			Have high ownership
			Have the right customer obsession
		Do not lower the bar, Who we hire is one of the most important decisions we make ervery day, every week, every year
		As a manager, you have to be organized and thoughful about what a person does well and what they need to grow
		Making the difference ( for manager)
			Recognize what a persion is good at 
			Identify where a person needs to grow
			Realize a person's full potential
	Deliver Result
		Where the rubber meets the road for customer is what you actually deliver for them
		What drives the outputs are the inputs
		Launch or delivery is not the finish line. It's the starting line
		The very best compnies and teams
			Fast and organized about launching
			Constantly iterating
